# projectzoho
 
Project Zoho Contacts App. Has requested I have build a contact management application that has the following functionalities such as sign up, sign in and a contact form to save the Details of the user.

Sign_Up: In this login page user will be allowed to enter his email and password along with the secret code. And the data will be saved in the back end where the data will be stored in a database. Sign_in: In this page user will be allowed to enter the mail and password. The data will be sent to the back end and Cross checked with the data available in the database And a proper response is returned in frontend. If the user does not have an account by clicking the sign_in, he will be directed to the sign up form. Where he can under mail and password under secret code So that the data will be stored in the Backend Database. Contact Form and Contact List Page: After successfully signing into the sign in Page, user will get the contact form and the contact list. In that contact Page user will get following fields regarding contacts field having name, phone number and email. Under table beneath that field containing the contacts of the user that has been saved until then.

I uploaded the zip file without the .exe file to run the program user has to copy the .py file uploded and run the program in any python idle if the program does not execute try to install pyqt5 and sqllite3 in the python

Working of the contact app. The application has been saved in uploaded documents at location named Dict Folder. By opening the application. User will, get the Sign up form. If the user does not have an account, he will sign up into the account. After signing in. User wll get the following regarding contact form and the contact list page contains the add contacts and contacts of the user in the Table.
